DOCS-#2944: Document `modin.engines.ray` (#2993)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/engines/ray/cudf_on_ray/frame/partition.rst

cuDFOnRayFramePartition
"""""""""""""""""""""""""

The class is specific implementation of ``BaseFramePartition``, providing an API
to perform an operation on a block partition, namely, cudf.DataFrame, using Ray as an execution engine.

An operation on a block partition can be performed in two modes:

* asyncronously - via :meth:`~modin.engines.ray.cudf_on_ray.frame.cuDFOnRayFramePartition.apply`

> * lazily - via :meth:`~modin.engines.ray.cudf_on_ray.frame.cuDFOnRayFramePartition.add_to_apply_calls`

Author: This is not true. Both `apply` and `add_to_apply_calls` are performed asynchronously, but their return values are different.

Reviewer: Section was removed. The same sentences are used in `docs/flow/modin/engines/ray/pandas_on_ray/frame/partition.rst`.

Author: I do not think this needs to be removed at all. Probably, it would be good to rephrase it a bit.

> The same sentences are used in `docs/flow/modin/engines/ray/pandas_on_ray/frame/partition.rst`.

Behaviors of `apply` and `add_to_apply_calls` for `PandasOnRay` and `cuDFOnRay` are different.

Reviewer: rephrased

cuDFOnRayFramePartition
"""""""""""""""""""""""""

The class is specific implementation of :py:class:`~modin.engines.base.frame.partition.BaseFramePartition`,
providing the API to perform operations on a block partition, namely, ``cudf.DataFrame``,
using Ray as an execution engine.

> An operation on a block partition can be performed in two ways:

Reviewer: added

cuDFOnRayFramePartition
"""""""""""""""""""""""""

> The class is specific implementation of :py:class:`~modin.engines.base.frame.partition.BaseFramePartition`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The class is the specific implementation of :py:class:`~modin.engines.base.frame.partition.BaseFramePartition`,
```

The class is specific implementation of ``BaseFramePartition``, providing an API
to perform an operation on a block partition, namely, cudf.DataFrame, using Ray as an execution engine.

> An operation on a block partition can be performed by two ways:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An operation on a block partition can be performed in two ways:
```

* :meth:`~modin.engines.ray.cudf_on_ray.frame.partition.cuDFOnRayFramePartition.apply` returns ``ray.ObjectRef``
  with integer key of operation result from internal storage.
* :meth:`~modin.engines.ray.cudf_on_ray.frame.partition.cuDFOnRayFramePartition.add_to_apply_calls` returns 

>   the new one ``cuDFOnRayFramePartition`` object that is based on result of operation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  a new ``cuDFOnRayFramePartition`` object that is based on result of operation.
```
